acpi acpid android-file-transfer android-tools arandr arch-install-scripts archiso asciidoc aubio 
audacity b43-fwcutter base base-devel bat bc bear biber blender bluez-deprecated-tools bluez-tools 
bluez-utils bmon boost brotli-testdata btrbk btrfs-progs caja calibre ccache chafa clamav cmatrix 
compsize cpio cpupower cracklib cronie ctags cuda cuda-tools darktable dash db dbeaver dbus-docs 
debuginfod deno dialog digikam ding-libs discord dmidecode dmraid dnssec-anchors docker docx2txt 
dosfstools doxygen dunst ed efibootmgr elfutils exfatprogs exiv2 exo fd ffmpegthumbnailer figlet 
firefox fish fuse2fs fzf garcon gcc-ada gcc-d gcc-fortran gcc-objc gdb gimp git git-filter-repo 
git-lfs github-cli gnome-disk-utility gnu-netcat go gpart gparted gptfdisk grsync grub grub-btrfs 
gsmartcontrol gthumb gvfs-mtp gvim hashcat htop httrack hugo hwdetect imagemagick imlib2 indent 
inetutils inkscape inotify-tools intel-ucode iotop iwd jfsutils joyutils jpegoptim jq jupyterlab 
kcachegrind kdenlive kdialog keepassxc keyd kicad kicad-library kid3-common kid3-qt klavaro konsole 
kotlin ldns lemon lib32-libpulse lib32-mesa lib32-nvidia-utils libclc libgccjit libpaper 
libreoffice-fresh libsecret-docs libxcrypt-compat libxml2-docs lightdm links linux linux-docs 
linux-firmware linux-firmware-bnx2x linux-firmware-liquidio linux-firmware-marvell 
linux-firmware-mellanox linux-firmware-nfp linux-firmware-qcom linux-firmware-qlogic linux-headers 
linux-lts-docs linux-lts-headers logrotate lshw lsof lto-dump lvm2 lxappearance lynx maim man-db 
man-pages mediainfo mingw-w64-gcc mkinitcpio-nfs-utils monero-gui mosquitto mpc mpd mpv mtools nano 
nautilus ncmpcpp neofetch net-tools networkmanager newsboat nfs-utils nfsidmap nicotine+ 
nilfs-utils nmap noto-fonts-emoji npm ntfs-3g nuklear nvidia nvidia-settings nvme-cli octave 
odt2txt openldap openmp openscenegraph openssl-1.1 opus-tools os-prober p11-kit-docs pacman-contrib 
pandoc-cli pass pass-otp pavucontrol pdfgrep pdftk perf perl-image-exiftool picard picom 
pipewire-media-session pkgstats plocate postgresql postgresql-libs pptpclient progress pulseaudio 
pulseaudio-bluetooth pulsemixer python-deprecated python-gpgme python-html2text 
python-importlib_resources python-libseccomp python-matplotlib python-paho-mqtt python-pandas 
python-pip python-pipx python-pluggy python-pygments python-pyperclip python-pyqt6 python-pyqtgraph 
python-scipy python-tests python-xlib qbittorrent qemu-base qemu-desktop qt5-webengine 
qt5-xmlpatterns qt5ct qt6ct radare2 rawtherapee raylib redshift reflector rustup s-nail sagemath 
sagetex sdparm shellcheck sloccount snapper socat sox splint sqlite-analyzer sqlite-doc sqlite-tcl 
starship sudo sxhkd syncthing sysfsutils syslinux sysstat systemd-resolvconf systemd-ukify tcc 
tenacity terminus-font tesseract-data-deu tesseract-data-eng tesseract-data-por testdisk thunar 
thunar-volman timeshift tlp tmux torbrowser-launcher torsocks traceroute translate-shell 
transmission-gtk ttc-iosevka ttf-liberation ttf-liberation-mono-nerd tumbler turbostat ueberzugpp 
valgrind vkd3d vlc vorbis-tools vulkan-tools wayland-protocols weston wget wikiman wine winetricks 
wireless_tools wireshark-qt xclip xdotool xfce4-appfinder xfce4-panel xfce4-power-manager 
xfce4-session xfce4-settings xfce4-terminal xfconf xfdesktop xfwm4 xfwm4-themes xmlto xorg-bdftopcf 
xorg-docs xorg-font-util xorg-fonts-100dpi xorg-fonts-75dpi xorg-iceauth xorg-mkfontscale 
xorg-server xorg-server-devel xorg-server-xephyr xorg-server-xnest xorg-server-xvfb xorg-sessreg 
xorg-smproxy xorg-x11perf xorg-xbacklight xorg-xcmsdb xorg-xcursorgen xorg-xdpyinfo xorg-xdriinfo 
xorg-xev xorg-xgamma xorg-xhost xorg-xinit xorg-xinput xorg-xkbevd xorg-xkbutils xorg-xkill 
xorg-xlsatoms xorg-xlsclients xorg-xpr xorg-xrefresh xorg-xsetroot xorg-xvinfo xorg-xwayland 
xorg-xwd xorg-xwininfo xorg-xwud xsel xwallpaper yad yt-dlp zathura zathura-djvu zathura-pdf-mupdf 
zathura-ps zbar zip zsh-syntax-highlighting
texlive-basic texlive-bibtexextra texlive-binextra texlive-context texlive-fontsextra texlive-fontsrecommended texlive-fontutils texlive-formatsextra texlive-games texlive-humanities texlive-langfrench texlive-langportuguese texlive-latexextra texlive-latexrecommended texlive-luatex texlive-mathscience texlive-metapost texlive-music texlive-pictures texlive-pstricks texlive-publishers texlive-xetex
